LLM.md, before:

# Maintenance Report

## Recent Changes (2025-06-16)

### Updated Signup Button Styling
- **Issue**: White background signup buttons were not very visible and lacked proper hover states
- **Solution**: Updated all signup buttons across the site to have:
  - White background with gray border by default
  - On hover: transparent background with white text and white border
  - Smooth transition animations
- **Files Updated**:
  - `/src/components/pricing/PricingPlan.tsx` - Updated pricing plan buttons
  - `/src/components/Products.tsx` - Updated "Get Started Free" button
  - `/src/components/navigation/AuthButtons.tsx` - Updated navigation signup button
  - `/src/components/navigation/MobileMenu.tsx` - Updated mobile menu signup button
  - `/src/components/landing/HeroSection.tsx` - Updated landing page hero button
  - `/src/components/pricing/TeamPlanDetails.tsx` - Updated team plan configuration button

## Recent Changes (2025-04-07)

### 1. Fixed ProductsMenu Import in DesktopNav.tsx
- **Issue**: The ProductsMenu component had both named and default exports, but was imported as a default import in DesktopNav.tsx, causing an error: "lockdown-install.js:1:135422 'http://localhost:8080/src/components/navigation/products-menu/index.tsx' doesn't provide an export named: 'ProductsMenu'"
- **Solution**: Updated the import in DesktopNav.tsx to use a named import for consistency with other menu components.
- **Commit**: Current commit - "Fix ProductsMenu import in DesktopNav.tsx to use named import"


### 2. Fixed ProductsMenu Export/Import Issue
- **Issue**: The ProductsMenu component was exported with a named export but imported as a default export in DesktopNav.tsx, causing a module resolution error: "The requested module doesn't provide an export named: 'ProductsMenu'"
- **Solution**: Added default export to ProductsMenu and updated the import in DesktopNav.tsx to use a default import.
- **Commit**: [fdf6f92](https://github.com/hanzoai/hanzo.ai/commit/fdf6f92) - "Fix ProductsMenu export and update Node.js compatibility"

### 3. Updated Node.js Version Requirements
- **Issue**: The project required modern JavaScript features (nullish coalescing assignment operator) not supported in Node.js v14.
- **Solution**: Added .nvmrc file specifying Node.js v20 and updated package.json script to suppress warnings.
- **Commit**: [fdf6f92](https://github.com/hanzoai/hanzo.ai/commit/fdf6f92) - "Fix ProductsMenu export and update Node.js compatibility"



## Issues Identified

### 1. Component Export/Import Inconsistency (Historical)
- **Issue**: The ProductsMenu component was using a default export while being imported as a named export in DesktopNav.
- **Solution**: Changed ProductsMenu to use named export for consistency with other menu components.
- **Commit**: [68f3e2c](https://github.com/hanzoai/hanzo.ai/commit/68f3e2c) - "Fix: Change ProductsMenu to use named export for consistency"

### 2. Node.js Version Compatibility
- **Status**: RESOLVED
- **Issue**: The project required Node.js with support for modern JavaScript features.
- **Solution**: Added .nvmrc specifying Node.js v20 and configured package.json to suppress warnings.
- **Command to use**: 
  ```bash
  nvm use
  npm run dev
  ```

### 3. Security Vulnerabilities
- GitHub reports 2 moderate security vulnerabilities in the dependencies.
- **Recommendation**: Review and address these vulnerabilities using:
  ```bash
  npm audit fix
  # or for a more aggressive approach that might update to new major versions
  npm audit fix --force
  ```

## Project Structure Analysis
- The project is a React application using Vite as the build tool.
- Routing is handled by react-router-dom with separate routes for marketing pages and account pages.
- UI components are organized by feature/page in the components directory.
- The navigation system uses dropdown menus for Products, Solutions, and Resources sections.

## Next Steps
1. Upgrade Node.js to a compatible version (v18+).
2. Run `npm install` to ensure all dependencies are properly installed.
3. Address security vulnerabilities with `npm audit fix`.
4. Continue with feature development or bug fixes as needed.

Commit message:

Update LLM.md with recent changes

LLM.md, after:

# Maintenance Report

## Recent Changes (2026-01-20)

### Updated Desktop App Messaging and Type Safety
- **UI Update**: Updated `Extensions.tsx` to shift focus from "VS Code Extension" to "Desktop App" and "Browser Extensions", reflecting a broader product strategy.
- **Type Safety**:
  - Added `ZenModel` interface in `ZenModels.tsx` to replace `any`.
  - Added `Agent` interface in `AgentGallery.tsx` to replace `any`.
  - Improved typing in `Integration.tsx` and `Hero.tsx`.
- **Commit**: "Refactor types and update Extensions/Desktop App messaging"

## Recent Changes (2025-06-16)

### Updated Signup Button Styling
- **Issue**: White background signup buttons were not very visible and lacked proper hover states
- **Solution**: Updated all signup buttons across the site to have:
  - White background with gray border by default
  - On hover: transparent background with white text and white border
  - Smooth transition animations
- **Files Updated**:
  - `/src/components/pricing/PricingPlan.tsx` - Updated pricing plan buttons
  - `/src/components/Products.tsx` - Updated "Get Started Free" button
  - `/src/components/navigation/AuthButtons.tsx` - Updated navigation signup button
  - `/src/components/navigation/MobileMenu.tsx` - Updated mobile menu signup button
  - `/src/components/landing/HeroSection.tsx` - Updated landing page hero button
  - `/src/components/pricing/TeamPlanDetails.tsx` - Updated team plan configuration button

## Recent Changes (2025-04-07)

### 1. Fixed ProductsMenu Import in DesktopNav.tsx
- **Issue**: The ProductsMenu component had both named and default exports, but was imported as a default import in DesktopNav.tsx, causing an error: "lockdown-install.js:1:135422 'http://localhost:8080/src/components/navigation/products-menu/index.tsx' doesn't provide an export named: 'ProductsMenu'"
- **Solution**: Updated the import in DesktopNav.tsx to use a named import for consistency with other menu components.
- **Commit**: Current commit - "Fix ProductsMenu import in DesktopNav.tsx to use named import"


### 2. Fixed ProductsMenu Export/Import Issue
- **Issue**: The ProductsMenu component was exported with a named export but imported as a default export in DesktopNav.tsx, causing a module resolution error: "The requested module doesn't provide an export named: 'ProductsMenu'"
- **Solution**: Added default export to ProductsMenu and updated the import in DesktopNav.tsx to use a default import.
- **Commit**: [fdf6f92](https://github.com/hanzoai/hanzo.ai/commit/fdf6f92) - "Fix ProductsMenu export and update Node.js compatibility"

### 3. Updated Node.js Version Requirements
- **Issue**: The project required modern JavaScript features (nullish coalescing assignment operator) not supported in Node.js v14.
- **Solution**: Added .nvmrc file specifying Node.js v20 and updated package.json script to suppress warnings.
- **Commit**: [fdf6f92](https://github.com/hanzoai/hanzo.ai/commit/fdf6f92) - "Fix ProductsMenu export and update Node.js compatibility"



## Issues Identified

### 1. Component Export/Import Inconsistency (Historical)
- **Issue**: The ProductsMenu component was using a default export while being imported as a named export in DesktopNav.
- **Solution**: Changed ProductsMenu to use named export for consistency with other menu components.
- **Commit**: [68f3e2c](https://github.com/hanzoai/hanzo.ai/commit/68f3e2c) - "Fix: Change ProductsMenu to use named export for consistency"

### 2. Node.js Version Compatibility
- **Status**: RESOLVED
- **Issue**: The project required Node.js with support for modern JavaScript features.
- **Solution**: Added .nvmrc specifying Node.js v20 and configured package.json to suppress warnings.
- **Command to use**: 
  ```bash
  nvm use
  npm run dev
  ```

### 3. Security Vulnerabilities
- GitHub reports 2 moderate security vulnerabilities in the dependencies.
- **Recommendation**: Review and address these vulnerabilities using:
  ```bash
  npm audit fix
  # or for a more aggressive approach that might update to new major versions
  npm audit fix --force
  ```

## Project Structure Analysis
- The project is a React application using Vite as the build tool.
- Routing is handled by react-router-dom with separate routes for marketing pages and account pages.
- UI components are organized by feature/page in the components directory.
- The navigation system uses dropdown menus for Products, Solutions, and Resources sections.

## Next Steps
1. Upgrade Node.js to a compatible version (v18+).
2. Run `npm install` to ensure all dependencies are properly installed.
3. Address security vulnerabilities with `npm audit fix`.
4. Continue with feature development or bug fixes as needed.
